To start, open the boom console extension
from the top.
Then navigate to the contacts tab and select
monster.
We need to choose a company to save.
For this tutorial, I'll be searching
companies offering Business Development
Manager job postings.
As you can see, we have a list of relevant
companies displayed on the screen.
You'll notice a Save Contacts button next to
each company listing.
These are all the description I want to
save.
Simply click on it to save the contact
information, then choose or create a new
folder where you want to save.
Describe your contacts and hit capture to
confirm.
Once you see the success message, return to
your console and open the folder you chose.
You can also call, email or mark the
relation as prospect, lead, client, or other
and edit contact details.
By default, your contacts are also stored
under the contacts folder within the monster
subfolder. This makes it easy to find and
manage your saved contacts.
You can also access your contacts from the
navigation bar under your contacts.
Simply search to find your contacts.
Add notes to remember them.
Now. Easily save contacts from monster.